ah
hello how about friends welcome to sun to
lack of means and phantom and we go with
another rest here in gta 5 and good the challenge
now consists of landing a
helicopter above the airship
so this is a task that requires
too much precision
something that we're going to have to do with
very careful but the bad thing is that
I have precision so I do not have much
calculation a lot of way to handle the
helicopter in a very skillful way
so let's see what comes out
in this still intact does not explode let's
try to give us here those of
space style pilot let's try
to land what we're going with the third
try third try and if you can
chavo csm for the one in laical video
so that they can land it
come on let's go ok then miss little
this is the failed attempt we go with the
fourth attempt if you have to be able
This is an easy task Daddy is right now
comes out if I did it well excellent and good and
the guy already landed no no no no no
you fall not
ok ok
I think it will fall sleeves and fell
buttocks ok you can not sit down for a good
time to what good barbarian fail good
boys then this one I'm going to try
new but if they leave you like that it would be
excellent and good leave your comments
if someone has managed to do this tell me
how he has done it then well you know
Share this video with your friends
facebook twitter and the whole thing there
are the links in my description
facebook twitter and my instagram for
that can follow me and good guys
spend excellent day let's do something
differently soon so I do not know what
lose I am lacking and see you for the
I will not be able to sit next
you can follow on twitter on facebook and
in instagram you can also subscribe
completely free and do not miss the
doctor episode 1 how much I like my
teacher and also the video of minecraft
hardcore nude episode 4 and by
last the life of phantom we go to the
san francisco beach and its bottom we
we see the next